Reconnection partial failure modes (#1130)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch: CHANGELOG.md

## 11.15.3

>   - Improved connection handling under several partial-failure scenarios [#955](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch/pull/955)
>    - Ensures an HTTP connection can be established before adding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Improved connection handling under several partial-failure scenarios [#1130](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch/pull/1130)
   - Ensures an HTTP connection can be established before adding the connection to the pool
```
